Follow up to event documentation updates (#4969)
microsoft/msquic: docs/PreviewFeatures.md

Preview features
=========

New features are phased in to the MsQuic library in a staged manner to enable gradual roll in, when each of these features are deemed ready for wider use.

> These features are first made available in a library-wide **Preview mode** till they are made part of the mainstream MsQuic library functionality.

Author: I am making this up after reading the code :-) . Any input on this is welcome.

> 

Reviewer: I would add a big red disclaimer here (maybe using the github tag below) to say that preview features are not a stable API and can be modified or removed at any time without warning.
Just to make sure nobody can say they didn't know!

```
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Crucial information necessary for users to succeed.
```

## QUIC_API_ENABLE_PREVIEW_FEATURES

> Preview feature source code is placed within c pre-processor conditional sections that are enabled using the QUIC_API_ENABLE_PREVIEW_FEATURES macro, to isolate it from the rest of the established code.

Reviewer: To be pedantic, only the API definitions are disabled by the macro. The implementation of a preview feature is always enabled. The goal is more avoiding that an app starts using a preview feature by mistake than isolating the code.

Author: I couldnt make that connection from the code. Will fix the wording.

> This macro is declared in code and set to be enabled by default. Users can change this macro per their deployment needs and recompile the code to include or exclude the preview features.

Reviewer 2: As Guillaume states above, it's enabled by default in the library, but not for the callers. Let's make sure this is clear in the language here.

## Current list of Preview features

> 

Reviewer 2: Instead of empty sections below, let's at least add "TODO" comments.

Preview features
=========
> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Preview features are recently included features in the MsQuic library.
>
> The API for the preview features should be considered unstable / not fully baked in / subject to change.
>
> Please be aware of these additional risks before using the preview feature API.
>

> New features added to the MsQuic library are exposed though newly added API in a staged manner to enable gradual adaption and roll in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features added to the MsQuic library are exposed through newly added API in a staged manner to enable gradual adoption and roll in.
```

Besides the typos, I am not sure about the "gradual adoption and roll in" part. To me, it sounds like a CFR, which isn't what we do here - it is more about a stabilization period or a preview.

Maybe we can simplify by saying that "New API and features are first made available in the export headers...." etc, basically skipping the first paragraph?

Author: I need a better spell checker than VS.

Reviewer: Let me know if you find a good one, I could use that too...

These new API are first made available in the export headers only in the **Preview mode**. The underlying functionality is still present in the MsQuic library, but is unreachable through regular API.

When a new feature is deemed ready for wider use, its API is moved from the preview portion to the regular portion of MsQuic library headers.

## QUIC_API_ENABLE_PREVIEW_FEATURES

> A preview feature's API declarations (typically in msquic.hpp/msquic.h) are placed within pre-processor conditional sections that are enabled using the QUIC_API_ENABLE_PREVIEW_FEATURES macro, to isolate it from the rest of the established API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview feature's API declarations (typically in msquic.hpp/msquic.h) are placed within pre-processor conditional sections that are enabled using the `QUIC_API_ENABLE_PREVIEW_FEATURES` macro, to isolate it from the rest of the established API.
```

Might need confirmation, but I think the C++ api is basically unstable, so maybe we should only mention `msquic.h`

Author: I can reduce the scope here to msquic.h and it can be expanded later if needed.
